DuetAI knowledge lookup prompts (#29507)
apache/beam: learning/prompts/documentation-lookup/16_advanced_pipeline_lifecycle.md

Prompt:
What is a pipeline development lifecycle in Apache Beam?
Response:

The Apache Beam pipeline development lifecycle is an iterative process that usually involves the following steps:

- Design your pipeline.
- Develop your pipeline code.
- Test your pipeline.
- Deploy your pipeline.

> On each iteration, you may need to go back and forth between the different steps to refine your pipeline code and fix any bugs you find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During each iteration, you might need to go back and forth between the different steps to refine your pipeline code and to fix bugs.
```

> On each iteration, you may need to go back and forth between the different steps to refine your pipeline code and to fix any bugs that you find.

Reviewer 2: On each iteration, you may need to go back and forth between the different steps to refine your pipeline code and fix any bugs you find.

Author: Done

> Designing a pipeline addresses the following questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To design a pipeline, you need answers to the following questions:
```

> Desiging a pipeline addresses the following questions:

Reviewer 2: Designing a pipeline addresses the following questions:

Author: Done

> - Where is my data stored?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Where is the data stored?
```

> - Where my data is stored?

Reviewer 2: - Where is my data stored?

Author: Done

> - What does your data look like?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What does the data look like?
```

- What do you want to do with your data?
- What does your output data look like, and where should it go?

> Beam documentation has more information on [pipeline design](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/design-your-pipeline/) and common [pipeline patterns](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/patterns/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beam documentation has more information about [pipeline design](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/design-your-pipeline/) and about common [pipeline patterns](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/patterns/overview/).
```

> Apache Beam program expresses a data processing pipeline, from start to finish. To construct a pipeline using the classes in the Beam SDKs, your program will need to perform the following general steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Apache Beam program expresses a data processing pipeline, from start to finish. To construct a pipeline using the classes in the Apache Beam SDKs, your program needs to perform the following steps:
```

> - Create a Pipeline object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a `Pipeline` object.
```

> - Use a Read or Create transform to create one or more PCollections for your pipeline data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a `Read` or `Create` transform to create one or more `PCollection` objects for your pipeline data.
```

> - Apply transforms to each PCollection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply transforms to each `PCollection`.
```

> - Write or otherwise output the final, transformed PCollections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write or otherwise output the final, transformed `PCollection` objects.
```

> - Run the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the pipeline.
```

> Beam documentation has more on [developing](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/programming-guide/) and [executing](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/create-your-pipeline/) pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apache Beam documentation has more information about [developing](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/programming-guide/) and [executing](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/create-your-pipeline/) pipelines.
```

> Testing pipelines is a particularly important step in developing an effective data processing solution. The indirect nature of the Beam model, in which your user code constructs a pipeline graph to be executed remotely, can make debugging-failed runs a non-trivial task. See [here](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/test-your-pipeline/) for more information on pipeline testing strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing pipelines is a particularly important step in developing an effective data processing solution. The indirect nature of the Beam model, in which your user code constructs a pipeline graph to be executed remotely, can make debugging-failed runs difficult. For more information about pipeline testing strategies, see [Test Your Pipeline](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/pipelines/test-your-pipeline/).
```

> Choosing a [runner](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/#choosing-a-runner) is a crucial step in deploying your pipeline. The runner you choose determines where and how your pipeline will execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing a [runner](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/#choosing-a-runner) is a crucial step in deploying your pipeline. The runner you choose determines where and how your pipeline executes.
```

> More information on deployment is available [here](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/runtime/environments/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about pipeline deployment, see [Container environments](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/runtime/environments/).
```
